Elements
----------
The two main components of a computer is the CPU and the memory.
(A computer is just a cpu and some memory)

For our computer (the Hack computer),
the CPU is going to be composed of two main components:
-the ALU
-registers (A,D etc)

The memory also has two parts:
-The part where data is stored
-The part where instructions are stored

Well what information is exchanged from/to the CPU and Memory?

Information Flows
------------------
Diagram: infoFlow.png
There are three types of information that are passed around between CPU and Memory:
-Data (the sum of two numbers that is outputed by the ALU that needs to be sent to RAM etc)
-Address (what address in memory do we need to access etc)
-Control (transfer control bits , jmps etc)

These information transfers are implemented by wires/bus.
So there is an address bus,control bus and data bus

(exp means Example)
(own means own assumptions)

The connection between ALU and the buses:
- ALU is used to perform operations like addition etc,so it definetely needs to be connected to the
  data bus to get data for the operations (exp:what nums to be added) and 
  output data that is computed (exp: sum of 2 nums) 

- the ALU also needs to be connected to the control bus so it can get control bits and know
  what operations to perform (exp: add,and,not,or etc). Besides, according to the output of 
  the operations the ALU performs,it also needs to tell other parts of the system what to do
  (exp: ALU sees that a certain num is greater than 0,so it uses control bus to tell PC to jmp)

So the ALU have to send and receive information from/to the data bus.
the ALU also have to send and receive information from/to the control bus.

The connection between cpu registers and the buses:
- Registers are used to store data so it definetely needs to be connected to the data bus
  (exp: storing the result of D + M outputed by the ALU in the D register)
  The registers also need to be able to send data to other places for example the ALU, so it 
  also needs to use the data bus for sending data (exp: if the ALU wants to compute D+M,
  it has to get the value of D from the registers)

- Some registers like the A register are used to specify addresses. The A register is used to
  specify what address is selected in the RAM. So for the RAM to get the value of the A register,
  the registers have to be connected to the address bus to send the value of the A register.
  (own: A register output probably connected to RAM address input)

So the cpu registers have to send and receive information from/to the data bus.
the cpu registers also have to send information to the address bus.

The connection between memory and the buses:
- The RAM address input needs to be specified to know what memory address/register is selected,so
  the memory has to able to receive addresses from the address bus

- The whole purpose of RAM is to read/write data into it (exp: writing the result of sum of 2 nums
  into RAM[16],reading the value stored in RAM[0]),so the input and output of the RAM/memory 
  needs to be connected to the data bus

- The memory that holds the instructions also needs to be connected to the control bus in order
  to send instructions to the CPU/ALU

So the memory have to receive information from the address bus
the memory also have to send/receive information from/to the data bus
the memory also have to send information to the control bus
